Do you hear me better now?
Yes, yes, yes.
Perfect, apologies, my AirPods weren't connected.
Nice to meet you finally.
Yeah, nice to meet you too.
How are you?
Great bro, thank you.
Very good.
Working today as usual.
How are you?
Are you all good here?
All good, working as usual as well.
Are you alone in your team or do you have more partners or maybe I'm playing with you?
Do you have employees that are working with you?
I'm alone because I'm the owner of the team and I have partners who want to see your functional.
Partners want to build their own network.
I see, I see.
I have a media buying team and we are starting work together and now we are looking for CRM
system for better work because Altair CPA, what I tell you before, have not full functional
what we need.
I think with the other CRM system we can improve our ROI to more than with Altair CPA.
Yes, yes, yes.
So our system can definitely help you scale as we've had big clients working with it and
are working with it.
So I'm convinced we can help you scale if necessary.
I don't know Altair CPA that well.
So we're in a different price range as well.
I think you pay 400 for the pro version at the moment.
I looked at the site.
Yes.
It looks like a nice system, don't get me wrong.
But I will show you ours and you can be the judge of that.
For media buying, I don't know if you will greatly benefit with the features we have just
to be transparent with you.
I always want to be honest because if we work together it needs to be in your advantage
as well.
But I will show you the system and you can say what you or make your own conclusions
one moment.
I'm going to share my screen.
We work with your system with some partners.
For example, it's JBO.
Your system is good.
What we see, you have a good fraud system.
Yes.
That's something you will not fully see in the demo but I can explain it.
Because fraud analysis is something that we don't have open by default for everyone.
But I will explain more about that.
One moment I'm searching the right screen.
You should be able to see it now.
I think.
All right.
So basically if you are the main user of our system, this is the first screen that you
will see when you log in.
It's a dashboard.
I think you're a bit familiar with that.
So it's self-explanatory.
You have some widget that shows you a quick overview of your whole system.
It's very customizable.
You can set it up the way you want.
It auto refreshes so you can leave it open if you want.
You can collapse the sidebar so you have a bit more space.
And you can compose it the way that you want.
You can add extra widgets if necessary.
Or you can remove the ones that you don't want.
You can always remove the widgets from the dashboard.
Our whole system works on a preference time zone.
What does that mean?
So the system is not dedicated to one time zone.
If you work in, for example, let me say plus one, you can switch it to plus one and the
statistics will change.
And if you set something up, it will be in the correct time zone as well.
But throughout the demo, you will see you always have an option to schedule in a certain
time zone.
So the system does calculation in the back end.
Let's set up this one.
We have a very extensive notification system.
I will show you more later, but this is already like a bit of a preview.
Here you can see your notifications and all set up notifications.
You are in the crypto slash forex space.
So you know there are always the three big pillars of the system are clients slash brokers,
media buyers slash affiliates.
And you have the rotations, the how we call it, the distributions of your traffic.
So I will start out with media buyers.
Here you can see less media buyers.
You can set up everything.
Sorry.
Let's move like you make presentation for affiliate network.
Because I tell to my friend your features and this and all not like for media buying
mostly for network.
No, no, no, no.
But it doesn't differ much.
It's only the name in the system.
Look, I can show you something.
I can make this.
Affiliate and this is the way and the system will work because underwater it doesn't change
much for us.
Understand.
So you can set up everything for this certain partners.
What you see here are some general settings.
So the status you can decline it or you can put it back to pending.
That means it's integrating.
But we have a support team that takes care of everything.
I don't know.
Did you talk with someone about our system or you only saw it through the partners?
Bro, can you repeat?
Yeah.
So did someone recommend the system to you or did you only see it by logging in on the
networks you work with?
Yeah.
Second way.
Okay.
So maybe also important usually that something most of the potential clients are aware of.
So we also offer dedicated support to our clients.
What does that mean?
There is someone available for you from 8 in the morning until 10 in the evening on
the time.
They basically help you with everything you need, of course, related to the system.
But also if you need, for example, an integration with a network or broker, you just invite
the dedicated support account to the group you run with a broker or network and they
will do everything for you and you'll just get a ping, okay, you can start working with
them and you just need to set up the distribution.
We also, we can help you with landing pages and so on, but I will come back to that later.
I just wanted to emphasize if you, for example, have a pending affiliate as a network, we
have the sign up page and affiliate signs up.
You'll get an email, okay, there's an affiliate that's waiting for approval and you can approve
and if the affiliate cannot integrate himself, you can also just contact our support and
they will talk to him on how to integrate with the system.
So we really try to take care of most things so that our partners can focus on their business
and not jibberish with tech.
So to continue, this is the main configuration, the click tracking configuration sets a bit
more details.
I will show you the most important things.
We'll start with the payouts.
So here you can set up the payouts for a certain partner.
It's pretty straightforward.
You choose the country, for example, if you're working in Belgium with a certain partner,
you can tell to the system there's a payout of 500.
But something really important when you're a network, you get a lot of traffic.
You can really fine tune it and, for example, if you agree with another network that they
are forwarding traffic to you, usually they use another parameter to forward the source
ID or the affiliate ID or the partner ID, however you want to call it.
And in here you can set up dedicated payouts based on combinations of extra parameters.
So for example, if a source stem from a certain network would send you and they are sending
an offset five, it's Facebook or Google, you can really fine tune what's being paid, for
example, for this kind of traffic, they would pay extra.
They can set it up like this with the extra parameters.
You can always schedule a payout if you want to activate it later.
For example, you want to activate it starting on Thursday for some reason, you can schedule
it here.
This is the way to set up payouts.
You can edit them, remove them.
If you have a big list, we have some filters on the side so you can filter out the related
payouts that you need for your case.
You can always copy a payout if you have a new affiliate but you want to apply the same
payouts as an amazing partner, you can say copy and it will copy all the payouts from
this one.
Then we have the offers.
So we have a part of the system that we also offer click tracking.
These are the offers you can whitelist here.
For example, you have 10 offers.
You can whitelist offers for a certain affiliate so you can start using them.
They are listed here.
So you can see, okay, this offer is whitelisted for this affiliate.
If they work through API, you'll need to make them here but I'll show this at a later point.
The pixels, to set up pixels based on this partner's traffic, this only works with the
funnels or the landing pages that are hosted on our infrastructure.
Yeah.
The post-vax.
Sorry.
I think our mostly partners, what affiliates, will use API integration.
That's something we generally see happening more and more so it makes sense.
But then you need to post-vax to notify them of an action.
So you can set up an event based on if there is lead or an FTD.
Let's say FTD, you want to fire tracking system of affiliate.com and then you want to probably
notify them like this was the plague ID and this is your payout.
And then you can set up this post-vax and you can even fine tune it if it's for certain
countries.
We have seen all kinds of setups.
Or you can tweak it again with certain parameters if necessary and this way you can save the
post-vax and this will be triggered every time there is an FTD for this partner.
Then we have the distributions.
This will list all the distributions that this partner is part of.
Currently it's not part of a specific distribution.
The post-vax logs, this will show you the logs of all the post-vax that were being sent.
This is the caps.
You will probably work with caps.
So you can make caps based on an affiliate based on brokers.
You can even set caps on a country specifically but we always have an easy way to access them.
For example if you have a daily cap that needs to reset at midnight.
But in Australia for example.
And you want to cap it at 10 in Australia time then it will happen at midnight in Australia.
So you don't need to think about time zones and all that.
Then you can say Australia of course for the country.
You can save the cap and that's about it.
You can always follow up on that certain cap.
For example now there were already 47 needs in Australia.
We also have a caps page in general where you can see information about caps.
But more on that later.
Let me see partner-ish.
And the last stop is users.
Here you can see all users that are tied to a certain affiliate.
For example the login you are using has been made through this window.
You can say partner.com.
Give them a password. Save the user.
And now this partner also has a user to login to the system to see their data.
Everything can be tweaked pretty extensively.
We have a very broad permission system.
So you can also tweak what affiliates or your partners can see.
If you want to show them a lot you can show them a lot.
If you want to show them very little you can show them very little.
Then we go to the clients or brokers or advertisers.
So the general settings.
If there is a manager that needs to be applied on this client.
And the display name this is for reporting.
Then you have the revenue that's also pretty straightforward.
Works the same way as affiliates and payouts.
But here you can set up the revenue you are getting per FTD.
So you can say Australia I'm getting I don't know 600.
And you can save it.
So now it's a schedule.
As you can see here is also a schedule button.
For example if you know tomorrow in Australia my revenue will go down to 400.
You can schedule it for midnight nine.
That's coming for tomorrow.
You can save the schedule.
And on a lot of places you will see a schedule top.
So you can always see what actions will be applied in the future for a certain entity.
So that can be an affiliate broker distribution.
It's just system wide.
At the left side you also have a general schedule page.
Where you can see all the actions that will be applied on your environment.
Like you can view by month and you will see everything that's scheduled.
Let's go back here real quick.
Then you have the caps.
Those are the broker caps.
So you can set them up here.
Same way you can choose what type of interval like total daily.
If you want a cap on FTD or lead.
When it needs to reset and the amount.
You can select multiple countries and you can combine them in the cap.
Like I want to have 10 leads from these three countries in total.
Or you can quickly set up like three countries.
Set this checkbox and it will create three caps for the different countries.
That's it here.
Like it's a convenience method.
So this will generate three separate caps.
Each with 10 caps total.
If you have questions please shoot.
So I'll just continue.
You explain very good.
I understand.
Perfect.
Thank you.
Then we have exclusions.
So imagine this is we also have a blacklist feature.
But this is exclusions.
Imagine you have a broker complaining about a certain partner.
Like he's not sending good leads.
I don't know why.
You can make an exclusion like I don't want this affiliate to be considered.
And leads that are being sent to this certain broker.
So you can add this exclusion and every time even if this one is in the distribution.
Traffic will be excluded.
So it will not be an option.
Then here we have the distribution list.
So you can quickly see where it's being used as an option in the distributions.
But I will show you the distributions in general.
So you have a better picture of what's happening there.
Then you have the opening hours.
Here you can list the opening hours of a certain advertiser.
The flexibility here is you can use it for administration purposes.
What does that mean?
You just want to be able to click and see our righties open or closed.
But you can even go further.
And when you're setting them up, you can choose to do to not set send them traffic.
Outside the opening hours.
So if they are working from 9 to 5 and you check this no traffic.
After 5 they will not be able to get any traffic from the system.
But there are two ways to set these things up.
So I will move on to the distributions now.
This is the piece that connects it all.
So now you have partners, you have clients and you want to connect these things.
You can set up distributions.
I will take Belgium as an example.
You can see here this is what we call a country distribution.
It doesn't have any other parameters attached.
So all leads from Belgium will go to this distribution if it cannot find a more specific one.
If you set up a more specific one, for example Belgium and the partner Elite Traffic.
Then all traffic will go to Belgium unless Elite Traffic is sending them because it can find a more specific one.
That's really important to understand because that's how the system is built.
That will choose the most specific distribution.
So if we look at the distribution that looks like this.
On the left side you have all the brokers.
On the top you have quick performance metrics about a certain partner for certain brokers.
So for example you can see client B as well because out of two leads you currently convert a one.
So you always want to have client B and rotation.
You know what I mean?
Or you can see some quick performance metrics.
And here you can make a list of your rotations.
You can say out of all my traffic I want to have 50% going here and 50% going to the other one.
This means the system will really try to allocate 50% to one and 50% to two.
So if you send 10 leads, if nothing goes wrong each will have five.
If you want to add an extra one you can just drag and drop it here.
And you can give it something you need.
For example 30 it will take the share of another one.
But yeah you will have to adapt for example if you want to do it like this it can be possible.
If client B is supposed to get the lead.
But for some reason as you know it can be a duplicate.
It gets rejected whatever or something is wrong.
It will automatically choose the next one that should be able to get the lead.
And the system will try to rebalance the percentages each time.
So imagine that client B has a problem.
And it should get 50% of the leads.
But like first half of today everything went to client E and D.
Afterwards the system will try to get back to these ratios if client B starts accepting again.
So that's something to know if you work with the system.
That the system will try to get back to the 50% and all the following leads will go there.
But you learn to work with it.
Then we have on top you can see like two tabs.
You have week and weekend.
These are what we call time slots for the distributions.
Sorry excuse me.
I have a bit of a call.
So you can make time slots.
What does that mean?
You can say for example I want to have all days from 9 to 5.
I want to have a specific distribution.
You could make it like this.
I want to copy it to all or I only want to do it at a Monday.
You can set up a distribution specifically on this time slot that you are about to apply.
How does that look like if you see the week one we made here and the weekend one?
Apparently during the week we want to send everything to B, E and D.
But for example in the weekend we let's remove this one.
And we want to send everything to client D only.
So you say in the weekend 100% to client D.
But you can really tweak the time slots.
For example if you want to say this one goes from let's say the example I just gave you time to 5.
And we'll do that for all.
We can call that week working.
For example but then you can add another time slot.
That's week non-working for example.
And you'd say not on the weekends because we already have something there.
But we say everything from midnight to 9 and from 17 to 24.
And we want to copy this configuration to all.
You quickly made, you can see like the working one and outside of the working hours.
And for example you want to set this one up differently like this.
You can put it like this.
This will be your other configuration during the non-work hours.
So it's really flexible in terms of how you can set things up.
Then we also have an advanced distribution.
But this is basically another way.
So this is the normal distribution.
Then I'm going to show you the advanced distribution.
So this is inside the time slots still.
But we've had clients that work with caps.
So what does that mean?
For example they want to send 10 leads first to client E and then 10 leads to client C.
So you can make different priority groups.
And you can say I want to send 10 leads first to client E and then 100 to client C.
And it can be 100, 100.
Or you can even go deeper and make different rotations wherever you want.
So you can make this one 5.
But make sure to, because I will set this one to 50-50.
And if you keep the priority groups the same, this means that during the first 10 leads, 5 and 5,
leads will go 50-50 to these two.
If 10 leads have passed, it will fill out this cap, the second one.
And then it will jump to priority group 2.
Nice.
So that's important to know.
But this gives you normally at least all terms of flexibility on how to work with your traffic.
That's how you can set up distributions.
You can set them up pretty specifically.
As you can see this one is set up for affiliate lead traffic.
It's a thousand source Google.
So if this partner sends traffic in Belgium with these parameters, it will go to this distribution.
If he doesn't apply these parameters, it will go to that one.
And all other things that are not specifically matched will go to the Belgium general one.
And you can even set up if you want a global distribution.
Some clients want to accept everything.
Some clients want to only open certain geos and reject everything else.
So that depends on the way you work.
You can easily clone distribution.
So you have the same setup to start working with it, but you can define other parameters.
And this is basically to edit the metadata of your distribution.
I will show you how to set up a new one.
You don't need to add a label or a tag unless you want one.
The system will auto generate these.
Then you have a method slots and chance.
Slots is our default.
Chance is another way.
You know I told you like if you have 50, 50, the slots will always try to keep them in balance.
If you pick chance, that means that every new lead has the chance of 50% going to one broker
or another one and it doesn't care about the history.
Like if a broker rejected the first 10 leads, it doesn't care.
It just gets 50% chance of receiving the lead.
I hope that makes sense.
And here you set up the distribution country.
So if you want to set it up for a specific country, again, you can add the parameters you want.
So if you are setting one up for Belgium and you want to have the affiliate partner-ish,
the one we viewed before, you can set it up like this and you can go to the next step
and you can start setting up the distribution.
But again, our support is always here to help.
So when things become complex, they are always here to assist.
You have different ways of viewing the distributions.
You can, for example, also view it from an affiliate perspective if you want to edit their specific distributions.
If you make them based on an offer or you want to have a list of them all just in each other.
But we see that most people work with the country.
So that was an important part to understand.
Then we can go to some reports. That's the interesting part.
This is a very big screen.
There is a lot happening. On the left side you have all possible parameters to filter on.
On the right part you can see the reports.
We have the first up that's a global report. That's just how you are doing globally.
To explain the metrics, the attempts are the registration attempts.
Out of 150 attempts, 143 leads got accepted by advertisers.
That's a success rate of 95%.
You can see how many autos worked because it's a demo environment.
There are no metrics here. But basically you are aware about the autologon and the bread.
So the leads go to when they are registered.
You can follow here how many went through.
This is very convenient if you are working with partners and they have an algorithm of setup.
You can quickly see it at the autoblogged ratios.
Then you can see the total FTDs. How many of them were late.
The late rule is if the FTDs are older than 12 hours or on another date.
It's considered a late FTD. That's a conversion rate of 11%.
You have some CPL metrics. The revenue, the payout and of course the profit.
The following four tabs are the main information.
This is just an entry point to your data.
You want to start breaking down from clients or countries or offers or affiliates.
We have the columns here. That's the main data.
You can always choose what to show here.
You can even reorganize the reports if you want to see certain things before other things.
You can just move it around, set it up and you can say set as default.
It always opens like this for you.
You can work with some extra functionality only successfully.
You will filter out the results where no leads were successful if you need that.
You can say break down all. That's something I'm going to show you now.
If you press on the name, there will be a default breakdown of the data.
You can really break down from certain data to more informational parts.
This is a suggested breakdown. You always have the ability to break down by whatever you want.
It doesn't matter how deep. You can just start breaking down.
For example, if you want to see all affiliates that have sent to a certain client,
you can break it down like this. For example, you want to see supreme affiliates.
You want to see their offers that they sent on.
You can really drill down the way you want.
You can go to countries. It's basically the same thing but another entry point.
If you want to see affiliates that send in a certain country, you can do it like this and so on again.
You can start from an affiliate as well and just look at what geo is that he sent.
Where is the country? Did I miss it?
You can see the countries he sent in.
You can see the hourly statistics. You can see the daily and the weekly.
You can have monthly but it's not enabled in the demo environment.
Same thing. You can break down again however you want.
Then one of the powerful views in the system.
This is basically all the details about the leads being sent in your system.
I'm just going to start with the columns you see here.
I will explain the other filters later.
The first column you see is what we call registration attempts.
Like a lead comes in. You have four potential brokers that it will go to but it will pick one.
If it doesn't succeed with the first one, it will go to the second one and so on.
You quickly can see how many it tried. You can click here and you can see how client F is the capsperful.
Client C was blocked because of an error in the API.
Same for client A but it succeeded with client D.
It's doing automatically.
I have one question about autologuing.
Autologuing is saved when leads try to come second or third time.
Or lead get autologuing with first broker.
When he goes to second or third broker, he goes without autologuing.
I understand.
Basically what happens here, these brokers are tried but they let us know they did not accept the lead.
There is no autologuing yet.
Client D gets autologuing.
They can only use the autologuing once for client D.
They get a special token and if they click it, they go through.
The second time they will get an error.
If a lead depends, it will try to register again.
It will be sent to the same broker or it will be rejected because it's a duplicate.
That depends on how you want to set it up.
We have a problem with Alter.
We have a lead who goes to one partner broker.
He goes to one broker.
Broker rejects this lead.
This lead should be automatically sent to next broker.
But this lead does not get autologuing link from second broker.
He goes to second broker without autologuing.
We do not have that problem.
You have this function, right?
Yes, that's no problem.
They get the right autologuing link.
Otherwise our clients would not be happy with us.
Great.
To continue, here you can see the affiliate ID and affiliate name that you are getting or the lead will send from.
Again, you have a lot of columns.
You can customize however you want to see it.
For example, if you do not want to see the affiliate ID, you can just set it or disable it.
You can look at it like this or set your view as default.
You always get the same view.
You can see the country.
The status is also an important one.
As you know, there are call statuses.
We track them.
You can always see the history of call statuses here.
This is convenient to know and to follow.
You have the ability to override it towards your partners.
For example, there is a status.
For some reason, you want to show something else because it is problematic for you.
You can set it up here or you can choose an existing one or you can just type something.
You can confirm and then that is the status that affiliate will see.
You will see the creation date, the email, the funnel, the offer and so on.
You have the ability to trigger an FDD.
For example, if you have a broker that is not performing towards what you were expecting,
but you made some promises towards your partners,
we often see that they want to fire an FDD to their partner.
The relationship stays in a good manner if you know what I mean.
You have to be an FDD column.
That is basically the timestamp of the broker where you can see when it was published.
Sometimes we fetched FDD at 1 o'clock but it was published at 12.50.
For example, you can see the correct date.
You can see if it is a real conversion or not because you can fire fakes as we call it.
If you manually fire something and then you move on with some revenue payout and auto log information.
For example, here you can see the color green.
I am on this row and you can see revenue and payout.
If something was misconfigured, you always have the option to edit the revenue and payout.
For example, this was supposed to be 900.
You can change it retroactively.
The auto log information on the demo, everything is no, but here you can see yes or no.
The auto log end link, the user was sent to.
You can always check it if you need to.
Apart from that, let me see, do we have something I should show you?
You can see the blockage reason.
You have stability.
You send the language with the lead.
For example, in Belgium you have Dutch and French.
The blockage reason is something interesting.
It does not have any data on the demo environment.
Basically, when a lead is blocked, it will show the reason here.
A general one, there were no brokers available.
There was an island that says some more to capture a fool or something like that.
I will always show here.
Something you asked about, but it is not available in the demo, is our fraud analysis.
We have a feature that we can enable.
Then you will see a fraud score in this table and in the reports as well.
It does several checks.
We use several external services to analyze the IP, email and phone number.
We get back data, like if it is using a proxy or using a VPN.
The highly, how do they, what is the right term?
The fraud possibility.
It is like an indicator.
It gives you a score from 0 to 100.
You can set up the rules however you want, but the defaults are that if a lead is coming from a VPN or proxy
and their fraud possibility is higher than 70, the lead is blocked.
You can tweak this however you want.
If you do not want to block the lead, you can disable it, but still view it.
If you want to be more strict, you can set up more strict however you want, but that is the fraud analysis.
You can check the informational button and it will show you like this lead came through proxy or came through VPN.
I always tell the clients these are external databases and those services work hard.
On keeping data as accurate as possible, is it 100% bulletproof? No.
You need to take it with a grain of salt.
If you work with a partner and you can see out of 100 leads, 80 of his leads are giving you a fraud possibility of more than 70.
You know something is up.
If it happens for one or two leads out of 100 leads, it all depends on how you work of course, but you can probably neglect it.
You need to learn to work with it.
It is extra information that you can take into account in your partnerships.
We also have fraud analysis on the autolog end line.
In the past, for example, we detected automations, things like that.
We also compare the IPs of the leads that are coming in and the IP of the autolog end line.
If they are not similar and it is not due to IPv4 and 6, you will also see an indicator that you should probably check something.
So that is a bit in short about our detail stop.
You have different colors.
